c:\Users\Michael\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WinkRemote\WinkApiWrapper\bin\x86\Debug\WinkApiWrapper.dll
c:\Users\Michael\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WinkRemote\WinkApiWrapper\bin\x86\Debug\WinkApiWrapper.pdb
c:\Users\Michael\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WinkRemote\WinkApiWrapper\bin\x86\Debug\WinkApiWrapper.pri
c:\Users\Michael\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WinkRemote\WinkApiWrapper\obj\x86\Debug\WinkApiWrapper.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\Michael\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WinkRemote\WinkApiWrapper\obj\x86\Debug\WinkApiWrapper.dll
c:\Users\Michael\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WinkRemote\WinkApiWrapper\obj\x86\Debug\WinkApiWrapper.pdb
c:\Users\Michael\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WinkRemote\WinkApiWrapper\obj\x86\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\Users\Michael\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WinkRemote\WinkApiWrapper\obj\x86\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\Users\Michael\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WinkRemote\WinkApiWrapper\obj\x86\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\Users\Michael\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WinkRemote\WinkApiWrapper\obj\x86\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\Users\Michael\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WinkRemote\WinkApiWrapper\obj\x86\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\Users\Michael\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WinkRemote\WinkApiWrapper\obj\x86\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\Users\Michael\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WinkRemote\WinkApiWrapper\obj\x86\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\Users\Michael\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WinkRemote\WinkApiWrapper\obj\x86\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\Users\Michael\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WinkRemote\WinkApiWrapper\obj\x86\Debug\qualifiers.txt
c:\Users\Michael\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WinkRemote\WinkApiWrapper\obj\x86\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\Users\Michael\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WinkRemote\WinkApiWrapper\obj\x86\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
C:\Users\Michael\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WinkUniversal\WinkApiWrapper\obj\x86\Debug\WinkApiWrapper.dll
C:\Users\Michael\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WinkUniversal\WinkApiWrapper\obj\x86\Debug\WinkApiWrapper.pdb
C:\Users\Michael\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WinkUniversal\WinkApiWrapper\bin\x86\Debug\WinkApiWrapper.dll
C:\Users\Michael\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WinkUniversal\WinkApiWrapper\bin\x86\Debug\WinkApiWrapper.pdb
C:\Users\Michael\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WinkUniversal\WinkApiWrapper\bin\x86\Debug\WinkApiWrapper.pri
C:\Users\Michael\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WinkUniversal\WinkApiWrapper\obj\x86\Debug\priconfig.xml
C:\Users\Michael\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WinkUniversal\WinkApiWrapper\obj\x86\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
C:\Users\Michael\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WinkUniversal\WinkApiWrapper\obj\x86\Debug\layout.resfiles
C:\Users\Michael\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WinkUniversal\WinkApiWrapper\obj\x86\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\Michael\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WinkUniversal\WinkApiWrapper\obj\x86\Debug\resources.resfiles
C:\Users\Michael\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WinkUniversal\WinkApiWrapper\obj\x86\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\Michael\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WinkUniversal\WinkApiWrapper\obj\x86\Debug\pri.resfiles
C:\Users\Michael\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WinkUniversal\WinkApiWrapper\obj\x86\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\Michael\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WinkUniversal\WinkApiWrapper\obj\x86\Debug\qualifiers.txt
C:\Users\Michael\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WinkUniversal\WinkApiWrapper\obj\x86\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
C:\Users\Michael\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WinkUniversal\WinkApiWrapper\obj\x86\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
C:\dev\wink\WinkApiWrapper\bin\x86\Debug\WinkApiWrapper.dll
C:\dev\wink\WinkApiWrapper\bin\x86\Debug\WinkApiWrapper.pdb
C:\dev\wink\WinkApiWrapper\bin\x86\Debug\WinkApiWrapper.pri
C:\dev\wink\WinkApiWrapper\obj\x86\Debug\WinkApiWrapper.dll
C:\dev\wink\WinkApiWrapper\obj\x86\Debug\WinkApiWrapper.pdb
C:\dev\wink\WinkApiWrapper\obj\x86\Debug\priconfig.xml
C:\dev\wink\WinkApiWrapper\obj\x86\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
C:\dev\wink\WinkApiWrapper\obj\x86\Debug\layout.resfiles
C:\dev\wink\WinkApiWrapper\obj\x86\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
C:\dev\wink\WinkApiWrapper\obj\x86\Debug\resources.resfiles
C:\dev\wink\WinkApiWrapper\obj\x86\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
C:\dev\wink\WinkApiWrapper\obj\x86\Debug\pri.resfiles
C:\dev\wink\WinkApiWrapper\obj\x86\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
C:\dev\wink\WinkApiWrapper\obj\x86\Debug\qualifiers.txt
C:\dev\wink\WinkApiWrapper\obj\x86\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
C:\dev\wink\WinkApiWrapper\obj\x86\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
